netbox: reduce spam in netbox logs (#11727)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10506-spam-in-netbox-logs.md

## bugfix/netbox

> * Bug fixed: A lot of "Connection refused" records were

Author: fixed

> * Bug fixed: A lot of "Connection refused" records were
>   printed in log file during netbox connection. (gh-10506).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when a lot of "Connection refused" messages were
  printed in the log file during the netbox connection (gh-10506).
```

> ## bugfix/netbox

Reviewer 2: Nit: should be smth like `lua`. You can check the allowed here:

https://github.com/tarantool/tarantool/blob/cc77a6ead00b9a07233f302dabae994fc79dde21/tools/gen-release-notes#L15-L16
